          Corporation Name: Hoknow
          
            This is the official privacy policy for hoknow. We are glad you've
            decided to visit our site. This privacy policy outlines how we
            collect and use your data when you interact with our site. We hope
            that you will take the time to read and review it carefully. If
            there are any parts of it that you don't understand, our customer
            service team will be happy to help explain those sections to you.
            Using our site means that you accept and understand the terms of our
            privacy policy.
          
          Who controls your information?

          Automatic Data Collection

            Non-personally identifying data is collected from you through two
            distinct automated services - cookies and action tags. These
            services do not identify who you are personally. They simply provide
            us with data that lets us recognize how you use the site and if you
            have visited our site before. They help with our marketing efforts
            but also help us improve your user experience.
          
         
            Cookies are tiny files that are placed on your browser when you
            visit our site. They let us know when you've been here before, and
            it allows us to streamline your experience. You have the right to
            turn off cookies on your browser, but if you do so you won't be able
            to use our site - and you will also be blocked from using most
            commercial Internet sites.
          
          
            Action tags are one-pixel-sized images on our pages. They allow us
            to see how our site is used, and which parts of the site get the
            most attention from users. We use them to have a greater
            understanding of what parts of our site are popular and useful and
            what parts need improvement.
          
          Personally Identifiable Information
         
            When you place an order on our site, we collect information that can
            identify you personally. This information includes your name,
            address, phone number, credit card information, and email address.
          
         
            Your credit card information will never be shared with a third
            party, except with our merchant bank in order to process your
            payment.
          
         Your personal information will never be sold.
         
            We reserve the right to release current or past Personal
            Information: (a) in the event that we believe that you have violated
            our system, our Term Of Service, or to break the law; (b) if the
            information is subpoenaed or otherwise requested pursuant to a valid
            legal proceeding; or (c) if our Site is sold or acquired. Moreover,
            you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication
            to any third party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the
            disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing
            your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression
            purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended
            from time to time. Users should also be aware that courts of equity,
            such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under
            certain circumstances to permit Personal Information to be shared or
            transferred to third parties without permission.
          
         
            If you subscribe to or purchase one of our reports, we may use your
            Personal Information to send you a welcoming email that may confirm
            your user name and password. If you "opt-in," we may send you
            electronic newsletters, contact you about new products and other
            products, information, and news that may be of interest to you, and
            provide you with targeted feedback. In addition, if you identify
            yourself to us by sending us an email with questions or comments, we
            may use such information to address your concerns.
          
          
            We may use other methods of data collection in order to tailor our
            products and services to your needs.
          
          Non-Personally Identifiable Information
          
            Non-personally identifiable information - generally your general
            geographic location and IP address - are used to create aggregate
            and statistical data. This allows us to improve our site experience
            and marketing efforts. It may also be shared with third parties for
            advertising purposes.
          
          Third-Party apps
          
            There may be links to third-party apps on our site. Those
            third-party apps have their own privacy policies that you should
            review carefully. We are not responsible for the actions of
            third-party apps that advertise on our site.
          

          Cancellation Policy

          
            Hoknow reserves the right to reschedule or cancel an report
            genration with prior intimation to You. The time provided for report
            genration is indicative and actual time for availing the Services
            may change. Hoknow shall not be held responsible, in case of any
            cancellation due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of
            Hoknow including but not limited to any act of god and any other
            cause(s) beyond the control of Hoknow such as fires, floods,
            strikes, lockouts, lockdown, curfews, riots or civil commotion,
            epidemics, pandemics, COVID-restrictions, war, change in the
            legal/regulatory regime and acts of government, technical failure,
            political rallies, VIP movements, weather conditions etc. Hoknow
            holds all the rights to cancel a report Services with prior
            intimation to You in writing. In case of cancellation or
            non-confirmation of the report by Hoknow due to any reason, You may
            contact Hoknow days of cancellation and if You fail to do so, then
            You will not be allowed to get a refund or cancellation of the Fee
            payment as may be made to Hoknow. Hoknow shall not be responsible in
            any way for any hassle or loss caused to You as a result of
            cancellation of the report. Further Report reserves the right to
            reject service at any time without offering any reasons.
          

          Refund Policy
          
            To claim a refund, You are required to support it with related
            documents/ reports as per reasons thereof, which shall be subject to
            an approval from the quality team of Hoknow, whose decision shall be
            final. In case of cancellation of services, You will not be entitled
            to any refund after 7 (seven) days from the day they make the
            payment of the Fee. However, in case Hoknow gets a written request
            for refund within 7 (Seven) days, the total amount paid will be
            credited back to the mode of payment within a maximum of 30 (thirty)
            days from the date of cancellation as per the Refund Policy of
            Hoknow. The confirmed amount due for refund shall be processed
            within 30 (thirty) working days from the date of the approval of
            refund, subject to all terms of use being met effectively. The
            payment shall be credited to You in the same facility accessed by
            You to make the payment. In case of payment made offline, the money
            will be transferred through Bank a/c IMPS, NEFT or Cheque. we can
            refund money only if report is not genrated
          

          No Liability of Hoknow
          
            Hoknow do not represent or warrant that the content or information
            provided or made available via our Services is accurate, complete or
            current, or that our services will be uninterrupted or error free,
            or that any defects in our Services will be corrected or that our
            Services or the server that makes our Services available are free of
            viruses or any other harmful components. Hoknow do not make any
            warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in
            our Services in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy,
            usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise, in each case to
            the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Information
            published or made available via our Platform and Services may refer
            to products, programs or services that are not available in Your
            region. You understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive
            remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with our
            services is to cease use of our Services.
          

          Security
         
            We believe in data security. For that reason, your personally
            identifiable data is encrypted when it is sent to us. It is only
            visible to people when it needs to be as part of the general course
            of business.
          
         
            Our staff has signed non-disclosure agreements stating that they
            will only share your information as part of the course of business.
          
          Adults Only
          
            We do not do business with anyone under 18 years of age, and do not
            collect information from anyone under 18 years of age. Please do not
            attempt to use our site if you are not at least 18 years of age.
          
          Opting Out
         
            At some point, you may no longer want us to store your information.
            This is your right. If you want us to delete your information, you
            simply have to contact our customer support team and put in an
            official request.
          
          
            You may also want to stop receiving emails from us. In that case,
            look for the opt-out link at the bottom of the latest email you have
            received. It may take up to 10 days for us to complete the opt-out
            process.
          
          Liability Limitation
          
            We will not be held liable for any real or perceived damages that
            may result from the use of our site, or for the actions of any third
            parties.
          
          Agreement

           By using this site, you agree to the terms of the privacy policy
            represented here.
          
            By using this site, you agree to the terms of the privacy policy
            represented here.
          
        </div>
